Update DESIGN.md (#41070)
owncloud/core: DESIGN.md

**We encourage you to:**

> - Get in touch with the team by joining our public #design-ux channel on [talk.owncloud.com](https://talk.owncloud.com/channel/design-ux)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get in touch with the team by joining our public #server channel on [talk.owncloud.com](https://talk.owncloud.com/channel/server)
```

Thagtt `design-ux` channel does not exist. I don't know kn ow if it ever did. I suggest that we direct people to the `server` channel.
